Randy Paush’s, “Last Lecture: Achieving Your Childhood Dreams” really made me reflect on how I look at my life. I feel as though I go on “autopilot” and float through life while not reflecting on how grateful I am or how much I appreciate things. Now that I am thinking a little bit more about this, I go back to what Pausch said about fundamentals. You will not become “fancy” without the fundamentals. He also said that like sports fundamentals, once you master those, you kind of become those fundamentals physically speaking. So in regards to life, I feel as though I need to go back to the fundamentals and focus on those before getting ahead of myself. As of lately, I have found myself in a little bit of an identity crisis because I feel “far behind” because of where I am at in my life. I am 24 years old and I am on my 6th year in college while everyone else my age has graduated college and pursuing their careers. I am not anywhere finished in regards to my current degree and I also want to go to radiology school afterwords. Fundamentals… I have realized I need to fall back on again. So, I would have to say that the one thing that resinated with me the most from Randy Pausch’s, “Last Lecture: Achieving Your Childhood Dreams” and his message were the fundamentals of life. You become those fundamentals and can always resort back to them when things start to get “too fancy.” I would have to say that some of my fundamentals of life would be to rely and love my family. Another would be to keep in touch with my health, because without health, you don’t have a fruitful life. I think another one of my fundamentals to fall back on is a “growth mindset.” My dad always installed the notion that we as humans are always growing and that one does not know it all. I think this one if important for me right now because I feel as though I am being stagnant with my life because like I said earlier, I am comfortable being here but it is with a growth mindset that will push me out of that negative position. 

